Update README.md to mention minimum required docker version (#1082)
pi-hole/docker-pi-hole: README.md

  The first recommendation is to upgrade your host OS, which will include a more up to date (and fixed) version of `libseccomp`. 
  

>   _If you absolutely cannot do this, some users [have reported](https://github.com/pi-hole/docker-pi-hole/issues/1042#issuecomment-1086728157) success in updating `libseccomp2` via backports and `docker.io` from bullseye on debian (more details [here](https://blog.samcater.com/fix-workaround-rpi4-docker-libseccomp2-docker-20/)) on debian, or similar via updates on Ubuntu. You can try this workaround at your own risk_  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  _If you absolutely cannot do this, some users [have reported](https://github.com/pi-hole/docker-pi-hole/issues/1042#issuecomment-1086728157) success in updating `libseccomp2` via backports on debian, or similar via updates on Ubuntu. You can try this workaround at your own risk_  (Note, you may also find that you need the latest `docker.io` (more details [here](https://blog.samcater.com/fix-workaround-rpi4-docker-libseccomp2-docker-20/))
```
